Added documentation for concepts _index.md file (#20)
ksctl/docs: content/en/docs/Concepts/ksctl distro controller.md

---
title: Distribution Controller
description: >

>   The Component of Ksctl responsible for selecting the type of cluster (Kubeadm or K3s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Component of Ksctl responsible for selecting the type of Bootstrap solution (Kubeadm or K3s).
```
